well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
what's going on in texas
the republican party there is attempting
to invalidate the votes of more than a
hundred thousand people
who voted in accordance with what they
were told by government employees
by government officials one of the
counties there set up little
drive-throughs
so you could pull in get your identity
verified
get your ballot fill it out in private
and hand it back
okay now right before the election
the republican party is taking it before
a federal judge
any attempts of
invalidating all of these votes making
sure that their voice
isn't heard they're doing this because
the republican party
is at risk of losing texas
perhaps if the republican party has
strayed so far from its ideas
that it's at risk of losing texas maybe
straying further
isn't really the answer
because at the end of the day they can
wave their flag all they want
but if they seek to deny people
representation
deny people their voice
well they're not really honoring that
flag
what was the battle cry no taxation
without representation
i'm assuming the gop is going to make
sure that these hundred thousand people
aren't taxed right
or is it really just about stealing the
election
is it about interfering with the
democratic process because they're
worried they're going to lose
texas the republican party is worried
they're going to lose
taxes if they weren't worried they
wouldn't be doing this
this type of behavior suppression
on this scale a hundred thousand people
this is why we have election monitors
turning their eyes to the united states
this country used to have elections that
were
well they weren't relatively smooth in
fact we were kind of the example held up
to the rest of the world
but after four years of whatever the
republican party has turned into
now election monitors are looking to us
for
problems maybe that's the issue
maybe that's why you had a hundred
thousand people in texas
ready to cast their vote against the
republican party
and that's what it's about they've
picked an area that is very likely
to turn out for biden and they're trying
to invalidate those votes because they
want to undermine the election
they're trying to steal the election
because they know they can't win
unless they cheat all of that talk about
election security and voter fraud and
all of that
none of it was true
none of it was true they didn't care
about that their worry
is that the people's voice is going to
be heard because they aren't for the
people
they aren't for the working class they
are for the establishment
donald trump is not anti-establishment
he is the establishment
he's a billionaire who hung out with all
all of the political establishment
the republican party has lost its way
it's going to continue to stray
until trumpism is uh removed
from their platform this move
should uh encourage even more people
to switch their vote from republican to
democrat
because it doesn't matter about policy
at this point now you're
you're talking about the the basic
functions of democracy
that the republican party is attempting
to undermine in texas
because they're afraid they're gonna
lose one of their strongholds
because they keep undermining the
constitution keep
undermining the founding principles of
this country
that's their fear that's their worry and
it's a valid one
and every time they try to take it
another step
there are more people who turn away from
the republican party
and they should because at this point
they are trying to
turn this country into a nation that
doesn't have
a representative democracy because it
doesn't have representation
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day